or not
of profiles that we have
to understand the movement
we have to bear in mind that in
what the hip is doing
Is a circle
the profile and that the sense of the circle
is below on top and the site
in the path
to be able to do it
if it is very difficult to remove it
principle that usually happens we can
imagine that the navel if I could
see if it was an eye what would have to
see would be when the movement started
I would have to be able to turn to the ground
then I would look at the opposite wall
then I would look at the ceiling and finally
I would look straight ahead before
serve and start over
is all the time the same circle
repeating is over and over again
the most natural way to learn to
do the hair is walking and
using a camel for each skin by
every little step we take a camel
we can also do it on the site
but to begin with, the easiest thing is if the
miners
there is a way to explain the camel and
it has to do with lace and
hip disengagement
and where do I have the weight of your body
on each ticket
in career education songs
here is the slow race
this would be the box
I return to the neutral position and
unhinged
we are playing with this position of the
hip
and with the weight of the body if it is in it
have in front of the back
chain d is unthinkable
floor and so as I have the career I
I go with the weight at the foot of the front
now while you understand back chalk
in front of
leaving the chain is the most
hard
and I have it ready again
loose is fit and I have the
foot prepared weight in front I fit the
hip
forward feet loose advanced
the hip camel is a movement
very versatile and allows me to use it from
many ways we can walk towards
in front of
we have to look back
and we can also advance in profile if
wants to advance in profile I do not have a
way for each chalk skin but that
every road now has two feet if I go
to go to the right would take the foot
right front left behind and each
path would start at the foot in front and
I would finish has no back
every floor skin today taking the weight
to the front of the hip, disheveled and weight
of the hips
and weight back
and can give the same of questions
making it
I can also use a pulse of feet
to give a different look to the
camel
Normally we control profile if
let's go to the right I would take the foot
right in front and my arms would be
because these are sent right and I
on the right
12 12 12
in this position of feet and arms and
from left
and the pines
a knots
in front of
right to left
from the feet
and I'm going to the same side or I'll find if
I go to the same side the weather watching it
and it looks the opposite that knitted
cross
we started late
télam
fruits 2
all right
one